Once upon a time, Joanne Cully semmed like every other girl growing up in her small Mormon community in Utah. She participated
in her church, worked hard in her afterschool job, excelled in school, and was thought to be the perfect young wife. However, Joanne had 
a secert that set her apart from her peers; Joanne had no desire to be the perfect young wife. Joanne thought eventually, when 
she was much older, maybe she'd want to be married. But she had just turned 18! She couldn't comprehend the idea. Instead, 
Joanne daydreamed of becoming a Marine Biologist in the South  of France. Joanne took French classes throughout high school, 
and she made it her prioity to become fulent, and so she did. She was nervous about the ideaof being married young, but 
she thought she'd still have some time. That was until right before her 18th birthday, her parents revealed that right after
she graduated, she would be married off to an elder at their church over twice her age, and he already had 3 other wives. 
She was shocked, but spent little time mourning, instead she instantly sprung to action. Joanne decided her dreams should become 
reality, and mastered a plan to leave Utah for France right after she graduates. She applied for a University in France, and got
accepted. She got a student visa, bought an one way ticket to France...and all she had to do was wait. After planning her escape plan, she decided the day that she wanted to leave. After three days, Joanne woke up In the middle of the night and grabbed her stuff, and sneaked out of her room. Little does she know, her mother followed her to the airport. At the airport, Joanne’s mother stopped her but she already made up her mind. Her mother is not happy about
her decision, but at the same time, she wants the best for her daughter.But although Joanne’s mom wants her to be happy, her dad is furious as he feels that this will be an embarrassment to his name and religion. As Joannes’s mom is saying her final goodbyes she cries knowing this will be the last time she ever sees her daughter. Joanne prepares to walk into the airport when suddenly the dad arrives, he sprints to her; yanks her to the ground by her hair, and cries “why would you do such a thing! We gave you everything”. Joanne cries and pleads for help when shortly the police arrive and arrest her dad. As he’s being dragged away he swears to catch her. She finally checks into the airport and takes a seat on the plane as the pressure on her chest is now lifted because 
she knows the flight to France is just the first step to finding her happiness.
